# Title

<!--TOC-->

______________________________________________________________________

**Table of Contents**

- [3.3. `--exclude` (default: '.git|.tox|.pytest\_cache')](#33---exclude-default-gittoxpytest_cache)
- [Heading literal pytest\_cache](#heading-literal-pytest_cache)
- [Use __init__ for __repr__](#use-init-for-repr)
- [Mix `code_block` and literal cache\_name](#mix-code_block-and-literal-cache_name)

______________________________________________________________________

<!--TOC-->


## 3.3. `--exclude` (default: '.git|.tox|.pytest_cache')

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)

## Heading literal pytest_cache

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)

## Use __init__ for __repr__

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)

## Mix `code_block` and literal cache_name

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)
Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)

Tables of contents (ToC) make markdown documents easier to understand and to
navigate.

But generating them (and more importantly, keeping them updated) is tedious and
error prone. This tool can automate this process for you, saving your time and
energy for the truly important task: the document's content itself.

Additional, I've written another tool,
[`markdown-heading-numbering`](https://github.com/jsh9/markdown-heading-numbering/)
to help you add numbering to markdown headers. You are welcome to try it out
too. ([More notes below](#41-with-markdown-heading-numbering).)
